DOCSUP-1888: Documented the input_format_avro_allow_missing_fields setting (#13671)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: `Empty`.

## input_format_avro_allow_missing_fields {#input_format_avro_allow_missing_fields}

> Allows using fields not found in [Avro](../../interfaces/formats.md#data-format-avro) or [AvroConfluent](../../interfaces/formats.md#data-format-avro-confluent) format schema. When field is not found in schema, uses default value instead of error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables using fields that are not specified in [Avro](../../interfaces/formats.md#data-format-avro) or [AvroConfluent](../../interfaces/formats.md#data-format-avro-confluent) format schema. When a field is not found in the schema, ClickHouse substitutes default value instead of throwing an exception.
```

> Enables using fields that are not specified in [Avro](../../interfaces/formats.md#data-format-avro) or [AvroConfluent](../../interfaces/formats.md#data-format-avro-confluent) format schema. When a field is not found in the schema, ClickHouse substitutes default value instead of throwing an exception.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enables using fields that are not specified in [Avro](../../interfaces/formats.md#data-format-avro) or [AvroConfluent](../../interfaces/formats.md#data-format-avro-confluent) format schema. When a field is not found in the schema, ClickHouse uses the default value instead of throwing an exception.
```
